
# TODO during the week


# Important topics to consider
- [x] Bruges DTA
- [ ] IT Vall d'Hebron and Girona
- [x] Update goals for the team: Jacob and Marc, what are they doing? 
- [ ] Collaborations with companies such as SYNTHMR
- [ ] Aaron → add to the loop
- [ ] Xavier: what do we? Next grants to ask for. 
- [ ] Investor's update (October)
- [ ] How to set up your priorities
- [ ] Continue sending emails to investors (Bart's list)
- [x] Projecta't prices: decide what to do
- [ ] Update with pharma companies about the potential application of the project. 
- [x] Enforce two-author authentication on GitHub.
- [ ] Ask Cristina about how to use synthetic data for learning

# Update of the week
What i did and what I not during the week: 
## Clinical validation
- No clinical validation this week. :(
## Financing round

On Wednesday and Thursday, I attended the Tech Spirit Conference in Barcelona, where I have met with the current investors: 
* Pau Monroy from Laboratoris Rubio. 
* David Blasco from 
* Enric Serle from Economistas Ban
* Robert Tomas from Athos Capital
* Miquel Teixidor from BCombinator
* Anna Planas from IESE BAN
* Marta Tort from Invivo Capital
* Jose Antonio from Renko Global
* Josep Prous from Prous Research

I also had the opportunity to have lunch with [[Jordi Barretina]], the head of innovation at the Josep Trias i Pujol hospital (Can Ruti). During our lunch, we were discussing about the finnancing round and how to improve the market access of our solution. 

Furthermore, we have also been focusing on the negotiations with Luís Sanchez-Lafuente, a lead-investor from a Family Office. Last Friday we met [[Alex Rovira]] in the Vall d'Hebron hospital, where we performed a demo of the software, and we discussed why solutions are not being used today in the clinical practice. 

## Strategy
During the week, I worked with [[Roger Bramon]] and [[Liliana Valencia]] about the strategy to follow in the company in terms of: 

### Project development 
Defining how we want to structure the projects in the future, introducing the concept of iterations or cycles to define the timelines to define the immediate projects. During this week, we will update the information in out internal documentation. 

### Regulatory
Defining new roles to reduce the time [[Roger Bramon]] needs to review documents. Within the new approach, only [[Liliana Valencia]] and myself will be the responsibles to review the [[QMS]] documentation. 

# Weekly feedback
* Weeks when I am traveling are super complex for long tasks that require concentration. 
* Over planning, so I need to be more concise with my time. 
* ===No sport or personal activities during this week.===
* 
 
 