# Top of mind
* Discovered [[../pages/ryver-ai]], a startup for image synthesis that Nina Capital has invested in. Interesting to see what they are doing differently and how they pitch their idea.  It would be great to know why they invested in the company 
*  Using Quarter notes to track what it's important and how.  

---
# Top-level priorities
- [ ] 
- [ ] 


---
# Notes

## Culture meeting 
* Planning for the regulatory. 
* The goal of the research meetings. 
* Planning for each of the key goals for regulation and product
	* What do we need? 
	* Why we do not achieve it. 
* **TODO**
	* [ ] Planning and key goals of the company. 
	* [ ] Software engineers. What to do.

# Roger 
- [x] Issue is the center. We need to convert problems and things to do into issue. 
	- [ ] Convert meetings minutes into issues, and add them to projects to track them accordingly. 
- [ ] What will you be working on this week
- [ ] Reports:
		- <mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">The main goal of the report is the inherent reflection of writing what you did.</mark> 
		- <mark style="background: #FFB86CA6;">The report can be an snapshot of the state of the company.</mark>
		- Important to be done. 
	- Everybody is in the same page. 
	- Explain what you did during the week. 
- [ ] Projects
	- [ ] based on milestones
		- [ ] One iteration can have several milestones. 

# Startup for founding
Working in the organization of Tech Spirit event to be hold in Barcelona on Wednesday and Friday. [[../pages/Startup for founding]].

# Factures
- [x] Intertek
- [x] AMBIT
- [x] BART
- [x] Nomines


--- 
# Daily recap

A day fully booked with meetings and discussions with the team: culture and technical meeting. 
The culture meeting highlighted the need of key goals and milestones at an organization level.  

At the technical level, [[Jacob Lagares]] is adapting super well to the team. The rest of the team works well around it. It is important to have a map to navigate the uncertainty.

At a strategic level, the meeting, and lunch with Roger has helped us to understand how to tackle the communication with the team members, highlighting what is relevant and how. The weekly reports are an important tool that can be used as a reference point for team members to show a particular snapshot of the company at a particular level.




--- 
# Inbox to process
- 20221128_082618 https://www.neelnanda.io/blog/mini-blog-post-19-on-systems-living-a-life-of-zero-willpower
- https://www.medimsight.com (tomorrow's meeting @ 12.00am)
- 20221129_095904 Time to develop?
- 20221129_095930 time to develop
