# Top-level priorities
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 


---
# Notes

## Weekly meeting 
- Labeling session 
- Research. How to persist information. 
- Using the lab reports 

## how to compete with Google and Amazon (podcast):

1. Many startups lose their excitement for their company and become overwhelmed by fear of their competitors.
2. Founders often think they have to beat their competitors to succeed, leading to a dangerous mindset that takes them away from thinking about their own customers.
3. There are many lies that founders tell themselves about their competitors, including assumptions about their success and product roadmaps.
4. Competition is often not as successful as it appears on the exterior, and many businesses can have multiple winners.
5. Running a startup can make one feel like they are constantly failing and that everyone else is doing better, but in reality, everyone is flawed in some way.

## Lili 1:1
- Pridatect
- Review documentation
- Culture
- Write the roadmap for the company before establishing the goals for the quarter and year. 
- Plan the following goals in terms of QMS, etc..

## Marc 1:1 
* Trying to review a case online, but it's not convenient and takes a lot of time. 
* It's easier for Marc to export the masks and then send to me.
* I will follow the annotation by myself to be faster.  

## Weekly review 16:42
* It's taking a lot of time to do this. 

## Personal
- Ensure that the main important tasks to do are being tackled during the week. 


--- 
# Daily recap





--- 
# Inbox to process


