
## Notes about Jesper Kouthoofd

Notes about the [interview](https://scandinavianmind.com/feature/human-touch-interview-jesper-kouthoofd-teenage-engineering) to [Jesper Kouthoofd](../_people/Jesper%20Kouthoofd.md), the CEO at [Teenage Engineering](../_people/Teenage%20Engineering.md). 
### Outdoors exploration 
— I also got interested in the outdoors and bought a campervan so I’ve started going out in the woods to explore nature and now what I am working on is a system that allows you to create electronic music outdoors but let’s see what happens because the first thing you think about when going out into nature is silence and the sound of birds. But what we’ve seen is that many people take our products outdoors into the woods and start playing because they get creative. So that’s also an interesting exploration for me right now.

### Boundaries between private life and work
**You have started two companies by bringing people you like together. Do you have any boundaries between your work and private life?**

— I don’t have any and I also decided that I shouldn’t have any. I could be working, making music until 7 am in the morning but of course, you also have to respect other people for me, I follow the ebb and flow of my energy. I’ve had some tough years, I didn’t enjoy running a company and that’s also why I started the process of rebuilding it, so that I could do creative work again.

### Creativity vs revenue: 

— I always planned to live in a one-room apartment without any money.  I don’t want to be connected to any material stuff. I like things because it’s an experience; I can be materialistic in that way, for instance, I can buy an expensive car just to explore how it is to drive it but then for me it’s more the learning process that I like and so I don’t fear. I think that’s my only strength, I am not afraid of failing and of being poor but of course, it’s not fun. I feel like money is just a tool to do the things I like. I actually have this goal to do my best work when I’m 75. So right now I’m still learning, I’m a total novice, and when I reach that point I should be able to work on a masterpiece.

**Where do you draw the line and know when to stop?**

— I don’t stop, I bring the family into the process, as much as I can when I travel. When our daughter Ivana was little I brought her with me into meetings, on film sets, and when that happened in the u.s. back then I could see such a big difference in approaches, where culturally, perhaps they never experienced something like it, having a kid in a meeting sitting in the background colouring with pen and paper, so it was a learning experience for each other for sure.


# Notes



--- 
# Daily recap





--- 
# Inbox to process


