# Top-level priorities
- [ ] 
- [ ] 
- [ ] 



---
# Notes

## Alex Rovira
- Startup Argentina
	- MERCK --> Neuròleg similar a la nostra. 
	- Des del punt de vista de business, fer servir aquesta empresa per introduir-nos als centres llatino-americans. 
		- Buscar col.laboracions entre ells. 
			- després de festes
		- Xerrada per saber que estem fent uns i altres. 
		- Quina xarxa tenen a llatino-amèrica. 

- Meeting amb en Montalban
	- Anar-lo a veure després de vacances. 

- Validació clínica
	- Bruges: working
	- Roma: Encara no han pujat dades 
	- Amsterdam: burocràcia
	- Londres: burocràcia 

## Finals de gener s'han d'haver pujat
70 de Graz
50 de Paris
10 de Bruges
XX de Romes 
XX de Amsterdam

## RETOS (FI-READY)
* **Questions**
	* What TRL5-7 means for the projects? 
		* What we can do with our existing projects. 
* **Budget**
	* 60% to 90% of the budget is a lend
	* If the company incorporates a doctor, we can pay Albert with this money. 
* **Characteristics:** 
	* 100% of the PhD. 
		* New incorporation
	* 65-80% of lending. 
	* March economic justification.
	* RETOS permits to inpute the costs of FI-READY. 
* **Recomanacions de projecte:** 
	* Mitjana 1.000.000€
* What the ask for? 
	* Projects with high innovation: health! 
	* No competitors in the market. 
	* Something that is super different to what we have in the industry. 
* Partners
	* Work with them about what we want to do and how we uderstand the IP. 
* Prediction
* Bases:
	* Contactar partners.
	* Fer proposta. 
* 





# V2VL pipeline
- [ ] add configuration option to the project `syn t1`
- [ ] 

# Personal notes
- Are you focusing enough in important things? 
- How are you measuring that you are closer to your goals?
	- See international validations or hospital integrations....
- 
--- 
# Daily recap





--- 
# Inbox to process
- 20221214_142712 personal and company roadmap
- 20221214_143706 https://async.twist.com/flipped-meeting-model/
